[Music]
hey guys my name is david and you are
watching stories told
today i am going to explain a drama
mystery romance film called a teacher
please be aware the video contains
spoilers
diana watts is a high school english
teacher in suburban texas
in the beginning of the film she drives
to her school and starts her day
she hands out a quiz and casually chats
with the students eric one of her
students
asks her if he can borrow a book
diana gives him one and we immediately
cut to the night where she and her
roommate sophia
are having a drink in a bar
sophia notices a text from eric on
diana's phone
she congratulates her on finding someone
we jump to later that night
diana meets eric and they do adult stuff
on the back seats
they dress up after the event and talk
for a while before eric tells her he
should leave
he tells her he is going to be back
tomorrow diana kisses him on the lips to
say goodbye
she gets home and starts to undress when
she notices semen on her dress
we jump to the next day which happens to
be the last day of school before
thanksgiving
the students leave the classroom but
eric stays to steal a kiss from diana
diana starts to flourish
just like a young girl with her first
boyfriend
she enters the combination and the other
teachers invite her for a drink after
work
she refuses the invitation with the
excuse of her brother's visit
she then meets up with her brother
hunter
[Music]
we learn that their mother has mental
disorders and hunter tells her that she
isn't doing well anymore
diana gets stressed as soon as they
start talking about it and decides to
leave in a hurry
we then cut to the next day
where diana is laying in bed with eric
talking about how long-term their
relationship can be
she tells him this is the happiest she
has ever been but eric doesn't answer
just dodges the serious statement with a
playful kiss
diana is talking with sophie
when she gets a text from eric asking
her to send a photo so he doesn't miss
her so much
sophie keeps talking but diana isn't
paying attention and heads to her room
to take a sexy photo
sophie tells her that she is going to
take her to a party to meet her friends
later they attend the party and diana
engages into a rather uncomfortable
conversation with a man
another man interrupts them and joins
the conversation
the two guys make a joke about her being
a teacher that every kid wants to bang
she gets so uncomfortable that she
borrows sophie's car to go home
at home she tries to call eric but he
isn't answering his phone
she leaves a message saying that she
misses him and goes to sleep
diana is visiting sophie's family she
heads upstairs and rests there for a
while
sophie goes after her and tells her how
much the family likes her being there
in the next scene diana is back to work
when one of her colleagues tell her that
a topless photo of a freshman girl is
going around in school
her colleague goes on about how dumb you
have to be to send someone a picture
like this which seemingly bothers diana
she then meets eric in a parking lot and
asks him to delete the photo she sent
him earlier
eric asks her to meet tonight she tells
him her roommate is out of town so they
can meet at her place
she also tells eric that she is going to
chaperone the sadie hawkins dance
he tells her that a girl already asked
him to go to the dance together
he says he needs to accept the
invitation so nobody will get suspicious
of them
diana gets a bit jealous but lets him go
without arguing about it she then has a
class with her students they joke about
asking the now famous freshman girl to
the dance
we switch to diana correcting papers
when she gets a call from eric they
agree to meet at eric's brother's place
later eric takes the keys for the house
and they enter he isn't wasting time and
asks diana to take her clothes off as
soon as they enter the bedroom
they do the stuff and we switch to
another school day they then drive to a
ranch for recreational purposes eric
unzips his zipper in the car and eludes
her to do magic with her mouth
she gets the memo and begins to pleasure
him
they plan to spend a romantic weekend
together and enjoy each other's company
diana wakes up next to eric and takes a
walk outside she enjoys the silence
peace and the feeling of freedom without
worrying about getting caught
she then heads back and enters the house
carefully to not wake eric up
he pretends to sleep and scares her when
she gets closer they are doing adult
stuff again
when someone approaches the ranch
the man is the ranch foreman and eric's
father's friend
he just stopped by to check who is in
the house diana gets an anxiety attack
as she is worried that the foreman is
going to tell eric's dad that he is
there eric isn't worried about what
happened but diana questions him if he
even understands what would it mean for
her if they get caught
he tries to calm her down but she is way
too stressed
diana then tells him she wants to put
things on hold
the atmosphere became cold between them
eric approaches her and starts to seduce
her
but she isn't in the mood and tries to
shut him down
when eric continues
she gets angry and pushes him away the
weekend ends and they get back to their
daily lives she gets to the school but
her anxiety is through the roof as she
watches the warrealus eric spending his
day like any other diana is at home
watching tv
when sophie comes home with a guy
she goes to bed
but she can't fall asleep as the sound
of her roommate having the sex reminds
her of eric
the next day she attends the sadie
hawkins dance and sees eric dancing with
another girl
she rushes to the bathroom when the
girls enter as well
she stares at her for a while thinking
about talking to her but she eventually
decides to stay quiet
she visits a liquor store and starts
drinking to ease her anxiety
she then stalks eric on his facebook
going through his photos multiple times
she breaks one day and asks eric to see
her after class
eric sits down next to her and asks
what's up
diana states that she misses him and
invites him over
eric agrees when suddenly another
teacher bursts into the room without
knocking diana sends her away and eric
asks her why she isn't worried about it
anymore
diana answers that she doesn't care
anymore at night eric visits her as he
promised she throws herself at him as
soon as he steps into the apartment
they are doing the sex but they have to
stop because diana bursts out in tears
eric tries to confront and kiss her but
she pushes him away again
she then compliments and cuddles him
which confuses eric even more
sophie gets home when eric decides to
leave due to diana's mood swings
she begs him to stay and tells him
she'll do anything but eric tells her
she is acting insane and leaves
sophie witnesses diana running after him
she gets into her car and drives to
eric's house
she texts and asks him to come outside
to talk
eric sends no reply
so she calls the call center to connect
her to the house landline
eric's father picks it up but tells her
eric is busy she gets so angry she
starts hitting the wheel and decides to
go to the backyard and peek through
eric's window
she knocks on it and asks eric to come
outside
she acts crazy and tells him they are
going to fix everything and stay
together even after this
eric's father is coming out to check on
them when eric tells her he doesn't care
what she is doing just leave
she drives away completely shattered by
the events
she then arrives to a motel in the
morning
and tries to calm down and rethink her
situation
she checks her voicemail
there are two messages waiting
the first one is from sophia
she is worried about her but she quickly
skips to the next one
the principal sent her the second
message telling her to get to the school
as they have a situation with one of the
students eric hull
she collapses on the bed
starts crying uncontrollably when the
screen cut black
[Music]
thank you for watching if you enjoyed
this video please leave a like and
subscribe
thanks